[FindEmailCampaing] Use search indicators to query indicators (#32796)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/3_4_3.md

#### Scripts

##### GetCampaignIndicatorsByIncidentId

> - Fixed an issue where the number of relatend incident ids was not returned as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the number of related incident ids was not returned.
```

##### FindEmailCampaign

> - Fixed an issue where the number of relatend incident ids was not returned as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the number of related incident ids was not returned.
```
